my boy here's my boy and here's his
Barbie what's uh what's my boy doing
with the Barbie toy store himself he
loves it he carries it everywhere he's
like a security blanket but with ski
boots in a kicky beret yeah it's it's
it's cute why why why does he have it
okay
so it's kind of dolls so what unless
you're afraid he's gonna grow up to be
in show business he's been raised by two
women you know what it's fine if you're
okay with the Barbie thing so am I give
daddy the Barbie don't you want to play
with our monster truck
okay how about a dino soldier Ross you
are so pathetic why can't your son just
play with his doll
I gotta go to work
has anybody seen my left boob I love
that movie
it is what are you doing sorry just felt
nice guess who's here it's the toughest
guy in Toyland been real American Joe
you really think he's gonna fall for
that GI Joe cool it's a toilet protects
us oil interests overseas you'll never
get me Joe
gho GI Joe I don't know what to tell you
guys that's the doll he chose what you
do dip it in sugar GI Joes in Barbie's
out and if you guys can't deal with it
that's just you too bad what are you
being such a weenie for this Way's a
Barbie big deal used to dress up like a
woman
what all the time what are you talking
about the big hat the pearls the little
pink handbag
okay you are totally making this up how
can you not remember you made us call
you B Oh God literally never been this
happy Barrel in song oh please God let
there be a song
so this is no song I am well you dance
around with me
you